Folding VS Mining Study
Folding at Home community gathers pecuniary crypto interest to an altruist cause (medical drugs research participation). There are many possibilities of ‘teams’ for folding, some of which allow compensation in cryptomonies. The authors will therefore study the three major communities in order to compare them, in a cost-benefit study logic. A cost-benefit analysis was performed between CURECOIN, BANANO, DOGECOIN folding, DOGECOIN mining and their communities on social platforms based on several outcomes: ‘Points Per Day (PPD)’, ‘Whattomine Mh/s Equivalent’, ‘Graphics Processing Units (GPU) Thermal Design Power/Typical Board Power Watts’, ‘Coins per 1,000,000 PPD’, ‘Coins per Day’, ‘Cost Per Coin’, ‘Cost Per Day’, ‘kWh Used Per Day’. Actually, BANANO, thanks to a large community and bots, has the highest PPD production and the lowest energetic cost on Central Processing Unit per week. On GPUs, DOGECOIN folding has the lowest weekly cost. However, the DOGECOIN community cannot produce as many PPD as the Banano team. CURECOIN offers a good compromise between the environmental point of view and the profitability one. To ensure fairness, the choice of the crypto and the way to earn it that has to be solved should be a pure public good, that is, perfectly non-rival in consumption and non-excludable. Indeed, the primary goal of those three communities is to allow scientific progress (thanks to Folding at Home) before allowing a return on investment.

Reference
Tuma, I., Lansiaux, E.: Folding at home: Artificial intelligence and crypto symbiosis for the science. IET Blockchain 1–13 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1049/blc2.12060
